greetings enemy vice community trill pal
tom now I've already watched every
single episode of death note volume 1
volume 2 in the box set along with the
live-action movies that are made in
Japan and all throughout this i feel
like i've only gotten part of the
experience because many of you have
suggested that I should go check out the
manga so I went out into that and I
don't really know what there is to
comment about because it's pretty much
exactly the same as what i saw in the
enemy or changes remain from the
live-action movies but this is pretty
much like a storyboard for the show I
really was struggling to find anything
that was different the look was the same
pacing more or less the same even the
beats even bits of dialogue were taking
pretty much verbatim it's a great work I
mean it is in fact probably got some of
the best drawings I'm just pound for
pound line for line ink for ink blot for
ink blot that I've seen in any mom that
I've experienced so far just really
slick tight polished work but there's
really not much else to say about this
except that it's inspired me to go find
the most important volume of that milk
set the actual death note and it has all
those pesky rules about how you use it
at certain times and uncertain people
and in certain ways I mean holy crap
there are more guidelines and by lines
and rules and clauses and sub buzzing
less than a legal brief I'm even
flipping through it right now let's just
let's just randomly let's just randomly
pick the one page let's go to let's go
to page 12 that's an auspicious number
if you have traded the I power of a god
of death you will lose the I power as
well as the memory of the death note
once you lose loses ocean where at the
same time the remaining half of your
life will not be restored you got that I
don't let's let's go the end let's keep
going wow it just keeps going on and on
okay we're on page 26 and jump ahead
even though only one name is written on
the death note if it influences it
causes other humans that are not written
on it to guide the victims cause of
death will be a heart attack just
covering all your bases just keep going
let's keep you always because there's
more there are more rules in this wait
wait wait wait for it okay we're on the
page on the page 40 now who whenever god
of death you had been made in the human
world up dies the death note is left
behind and it picked up by human that
that person becomes the owner however
and
is only human that can recognize the god
of death and its voice is able to see in
touch the death knell so violent we live
in the recognized music I would it was
not only it was recognizing I will not
be able to touch this thing it is very
unlikely but if by any chance of God
that picks up the death note and the god
of B Company on okay wow this is just
all you know I thought the rules we
didn't comp abou in the show there's a
lot to talk about that it was almost
county in order but no I mean this that
was only skimming the surface because
the book just keeps going on what page
are we on now what could be the left the
engineer okay here's the last what do
you think
the last thing you need to
and pretending to an eye on the opponent
ow
to assign death ran
number neither
neumos here because we are l1 x that is
involved 59
to deny a human death caused by the
death noble
19 Summit review division
attention the length of the clear person
the original last man in the human I
know that I don't know what it means
this is this is just like being at law
school this is the first a geeky
merchant guys that was made with boss
students in mind I'm already drunk with
power right now now that I have the
death note I I hold all your face in my
hands because I found an actual
additional closet how was this let's
just assume it's in there okay that says
if I if I my hold my breath while I'm
riding in the death note and if I if I
picture a green triangle in my head I
can just write people's name
in the death knell without and without
having to know what their faces look
like to get them to work so I figure
where hey we're all friends
and out
and I'll write some of you lunatics his
names in my death help
that's it everyone brings me closer to
my ultimate goal I will be the god of a
new world with this ping I will strike
down the pillars and the fanboys the
manga anime were the same songs over so
quick
potato chip and eat it and there's a
charismatic Brotherhood Henry magazine
normal suspected him
well i guess i'll see you on about 40
seconds
gosh
anyway he got
no baby